feat(action-button): S2 migration (#6340)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: .changeset/action-button-2nd-gen-migration.md

Reviewer: i think we need to include the links to the migration guides in the prod site

Author: Updated! https://github.com/adobe/spectrum-web-components/pull/6340/commits/96d80fde1252a5335e4cd2f64aa4ccbbb80a69d7 ✨

---
'@adobe/spectrum-wc': minor
'@spectrum-web-components/core': minor
'@spectrum-web-components/action-button': patch
---

> Add the 2nd-gen `<swc-action-button>`, migrated from the Spectrum 1 `<sp-action-button>`.

Reviewer 2: Going back to @caseyisonit's resolved comment on changesets above, do we want to do something like [what Rajdeep did for button group](https://github.com/adobe/spectrum-web-components/blob/main/.changeset/button-group-migration.md)? The SHA might be tricky because you have to remember to update it right before the PR goes in, but the links might be easy enough to tackle:

So, maybe update to something like:

```suggestion
Added `<swc-action-button>` with full Spectrum 2 visual fidelity, migrated from the Spectrum 1 `<sp-action-button>`. See the [component docs](https://spectrum-web-components.adobe.com/?path=/docs/components-action-button--docs) and [migration guide](https://spectrum-web-components.adobe.com/?path=/docs/components-action-button-migration-guide--docs).
```

Up to you though! The other changesets in the current directory don't do this, so definitely not a requirement 🤷‍♀️
